Updated documentation regarding catchup (#880)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/nodes/run-node-ubuntu.rst

Synchronize a node with the network
===================================

When you start a node for the first time, it can take a while to synchronize
the node with the rest of the network, since it has to get all blocks from
its peers. That is why all node distributions since 6.1 come with out of band
catchup enabled. This will speed up the initial catchup and during out of
band catchup the node will not have any peers.

> The out of band catchup can be kept enabled even after the node is caught up,
> but is not necessary. To disable out of band catchup remove the environment
> variables from the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The out of band catchup can be kept enabled even after the node is caught up,
but is not necessary. To disable out of band catchup unset the ``CONCORDIUM_NODE_CONSENSUS_DOWNLOAD_BLOCKS_FROM`` environment variable as show in step 3 below.
```
